welcome to the community roundup the
community weekly roundup although we've
had that canceled last few weeks due to
illness and whatnot
anyway good to see everybody except for
Portia who's now sick we traded
illnesses I just a quick update I don't
actually have much community stuff that
happened this week I've been turning
away on the you know metric stuff which
is very very good project but if you
ever wanted to just discover every AWS
rate limit it's the perfect project
actually that's been sort of that
continuous hell that I've been into last
week Terry what's up to this week
I've actually been doing a lot to try to
figure out how we can get the next
offline camp plans which is not specific
to ipfs but there may be people in this
community who are interested it's about
a flight first development so a lot of
time kind of working with the
co-organizers are starting to track down
venues that might work for that and then
I haven't had a chance to spend too much
time on the protocol tutorials but I
think because I've missed a couple of
meetings maybe people don't know that
that file tutorial is in progress so
intending to teach the file API and at
the moment what you can do with it is
upload files into it and then you know
in theory do something with them once it
down so that's in progress attorney
think I don't know what else excited I
have right now yeah yeah things who were
just like knocking stuff out it's just a
lot of turning in a big way yeah so I
just posted a link to the current pull
request for the mid-quarter okay ours
one thing we forgot to put in
projections so I added some but some
more need to go in from you and Portia
so once that happens we can land that
also for everybody else who hadn't seen
the PR one thing that we've done is we
to focus the community working group for
the next couple quarters on like one set
of users right now a lot of our work has
been spread across things that are like
good for new users to ipfs new
contributors to IPSS and also some
longtime contributors that's as well and
so we've sort of cut the second two of
those out for the next two quarters and
we're just focusing on things for new
users so a couple of work items were
actually you know removed and like some
new stuff around the website and making
the website a really awesome place for
the users to show up has been added to
it so you're interested in some of the
reshuffling and some of our priorities
that's a good place to look a chat and I
think that's that's it for sort of
regular updates and okay our check-ins
and everything we can open it up to Q&A
now and just kind of have like an office
hours so Jim Dan they're doing
construction outside here so might be
sort of loud yeah so I'm just been doing
a little bit more work on pier pad
lately so I'm sort of looking around for
collaboration opportunities for showing
what we can do with these collaborative
editing environments so I know there
were I know there were some bugs and
some stability issues are those been
mostly worked out at the pretty stable
now it's getting there I think it needs
some user testing it was a little bit uh
it was a little unclear on what the the
forward direction was for it because of
the risk opening exercise but it seems
like there's the will to move forward
with it a little bit and also build some
more CRD CITT style demos that look
various things together so I'm looking
around for talking of different groups
and seeing what they need yeah I mean my
understanding of the d scoping is that
we're not really
we're not changing work items until next
quarter and so like this quarter were
still sort of working on the same stuff
that we were before and trying to get it
into a place where like if we had to put
it on pause it would be like in a good
place to put it on pause basically yeah
which is good
um yeah I mean I like I really want to
use your pet for a bunch of stuff but it
it seems to be like in this perpetual
state of like almost it's like the last
you know five percent and it just like
it just stretches it's one of those like
well I I've worked on so many technical
problems like that in my life though
where it's just like oh man it was so
close to being perfect yeah it's getting
pretty good getting the last little bits
of the pinning solution figured out and
I think that's really the showstopper
for people like can they collaborate and
not lose the data the collaborations are
persistent into IP LD forever and this
becomes like okay you can build really
interesting editors that work that
manipulate IP LD I think that's the the
killer killer feature this thing's very
cool very cool dan dan any any update
your questions raisings sure so I guess
quick update eath Denver was really good
beforehand I gave an IP FS specific
presentation and talked a little bit
about protocol and what we were up to
and I'd say there was about 35 40 people
there so a lot of interest here locally
in and just some of the basics and
fundamentals of distributed web tech and
so I'm excited to see what happens with
the meetup here now that's going so I
think the next one's gonna be here as
soon as I can free up a little bit of
time in the next couple weeks so at
least for me to get something spun up
and then I think we're gonna be
identifying others that can join me in
building out some of the dia the user
base and then continue to move from
there
so one thing I wanted to comment on is I
haven't gotten
there with a there's some interesting
overlap there with like what
but when collective does in terms of
like enabling people to fund but also
like you can prove you can help provide
infrastructure so I started sort of like
an internal thread with with finance and
some other people to see if um there's
something that we might be able to do
there okay yeah that'd be great
so talking about specifically granting
or meetups and things like this yeah
yeah I think that like we wouldn't we
wouldn't want to like create a lot of
hum like we just like don't we don't
want to be in a position where like a
bunch of people have the staff approving
things like you're like reading through
the grant applications but um you know
having so in order to do an open
collective you kind of have to have a
bank account somewhere unless you're
like in open unless you're an open
source project that they want to put
under their bank account so one thing
that like a lot of foundations do and a
lot of partner projects do is that they
just sort of like set up the
quote/unquote collective and then that
provides the the bank account back-end
and then money can come in and get spent
out through each individual collective
and there's like transparency around the
expenses and stuff like that and what a
lot of collectives do is they will like
either just like so you can set it so
that you collect some of the money or
you collect none of the money um and you
can also set it's like you know these
collectives just automatically get some
money so so we could set it up so that
like you know anybody any meetup that
wants to start you know fundraising this
way we would feed them with some money
and there's there you know we wouldn't
we wouldn't have to worry about you know
like abuse and things like that because
there is like a lot of transparency
around the receipts and all the
expensing and all that it's really cool
yeah it's it's a really kind of cool
model
um and and like that wouldn't that also
wouldn't make it that were always the
only funder like that would also make it
very easy for any of these collectives
to get money from their own community
you think yeah so the month the model I
was looking at as well but it still
would need maybe more administration
what you're talking about is it coin
grant actually is something I think it
would be interesting even if we just
threw that in there as a general project
is it's just an open source project
specifically building building a proto
school itself I think it'd be a great
resource for that where people can
optionally donate in you could
potentially seed some into fund the Pope
the pool effectively and then bounties
on top of that so it feeds out to people
to develop the actual tool set some more
targeted bright yeah I feel awkward
about using that system at least in the
current state of the project about using
the bunkie system for contributions to
the project I think a lot of what's
happening right now is so we have a
whole lot of little issues that have
been identified right there's a lot of
like you lacks changes that we need to
make there are some overhauls that we
may or may not be making to like move
the whole thing if you press or not and
there stuff we're working on like you
know event tracking random stuff like
that and that people could be picking up
and as people propose topics for
tutorials we're at a stage right now
where that's gonna require a lot of
really careful focus on what content we
add in what order to have the
scaffolding available so I'm not in a
place where I think it makes a lot of
sense to be like sure build a thing and
we'll throw you some money like you can
be very targeted with this so you can
make a bounty for a very specific
tutorial in a very specific way if you'd
like but again I think it's just to get
that idea across that I think it's a
great way to try and mechanize bringing
people on board and potentially also
things like meetups could be granted
through this so it would be a bounty for
a meet-up to be you know done like so be
such-and-such dollar amount or
potentially the I don't think you could
structure to be a a repayment of
whatever you paid receipts and things
like that but but it could be a
mechanism to fund those in general after
the fact and so it's just a thought
and so moving for we could think a
little bit about how they do that but
it's exciting thank you guys for looking
into it yeah it was good to get it on
our radar and and start thinking about
you know ways that we can better enable
the communities one thing to like yeah I
don't think it's publicized quite
is it like we do have a meetup pro
account and so if anybody wants you know
like a free meetups basically glammed up
calm weekend bright and honestly I think
that so I'm ver is now on there and
publicizing that more widely would be
awesome I don't know how much in the
back ends that like having a bunch of
these mute ups would cost you guys but
if it's relatively close to free and
spinning up a bazillion of these will be
probably okay I mean I think it's
something like $25 a month doesn't mean
with that or no it might be less when we
have like the work thing but no it's
it's all negligible like will will add
anybody who as long as you like active
once a quarter or something might be I
seen that sold yeah I was just gonna say
like you're someone Dan who gets it with
the meetups and like a meetup is a thing
that has regular content in the same
location and not everyone gets that and
they're just trying to do like one event
one time and yeah that which isn't the
goal so making sure that we have people
who are interested in that continuing
education and I mean I really like I I
you Dan definitely did exactly what we
were intending for your first proto
school meetup um working through the
tutorials with the mentors in the room
and it's very quickly will run out of
content do the thing that we intend so I
want to make sure we avoid a situation
where people are just like slapping
proto school labels on everything they
do and focusing on what that content
goal is and that's something that I
think I need to work on making more
clear in some of the documentation as I
go along
yeah so some of the linux ization
projects have a pro account with a ton
of meetups they've added to it too when
I was at the Linux Foundation working on
the new foundation we considered it for
a note as well but like by the time that
we had a foundation for nodes that were
already just thousands of meetups that
we're fine so he doesn't really feel
that needs to like add more
infrastructure there but it's worked out
really well for hyper ledger and for
like the CNCs has done it around like
we're not even a few other things so
there's a there's a lot of them yeah and
none of them are you know feeling
squeezed from
thrown from the cost of doing that so
I'm not too worried about okay cool so I
guess the other thing I wanted to talk a
little bit about and I'll have to get
back to you Terry as well change shot is
this interesting tutorial builder that
was highlighted here or some of the
stuff during the Biddle that we put on
and I really enjoyed their workshop so
I'm piecing through putting together
that workshop via video so we can have
some of the content for you guys to
check out kind of what they're about if
you're interested I know you're saying
right now obviously we've got a set of
how we want to have Pro to school with
the interactive tutorial side of things
but as a model to think about if we do
want to expand in the future about some
extra features and functionality this is
really interesting stuff that they can
bake in one of the newest features
they're testing is actually
collaborative coding live between people
on their platform so I think that I'm
gonna put the idea in their head that
the CRD piece might be something that
they should look into to do this in the
backend because it makes a lot of sense
of what they're up to
so I'll point them in your direction Jim
if if they ever get to that point yeah
Michael I don't know if you saw it but
Dan had raised an issue about a child as
a possibility for building a structure
and somebody took one of our tutorials
and put it in their format so you can
see what it would look like there at the
moment like I think what would be
helpful to me dan is I'm not seeing the
reason we'd want to use that versus our
thing so if you took some time to lay
out like what is the feature that you
see existing there that doesn't exist
that would be helpful so that's the kind
of thing that I would need to see that
understand like at the moment I feel
very comfortable like building with the
system that we have within the structure
that we have or the plan improvements to
our site um and I don't like I haven't
looked at the details of change shot but
it's really important right now that
like our tutorials live on our website
that has all of our other stuff has our
design in our branding etc so I'm
hesitant to like send people away to
another
I think the point was to try and move
people off of our website it was to just
be a mock of like what what kind of
feature sets we might consider because
it is more featured so I'll put out a
little bullet point for you here when I
get together their system more is what I
think was cool about it okay I would be
helpful okay I think that's all that we
have I think we can give ten minutes
back to everybody now it's great to see
everybody get to check in will be
feeling better next week and can join us
again thank you all for showing up